Update install-the-warehouse-picking-shipment-feature.md (#1893)
spryker/spryker-docs: _includes/pbc/all/install-features/202304.0/install-the-warehouse-picking-shipment-feature.md

| NAME              | VERSION          | INTEGRATION GUIDE                                                                                                                              |
|-------------------|------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | Warehouse Picking | {{site.version}} | [Warehouse Picking feature integration](/docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/202304.0/install-the-warehouse-picking-feature.html) |

Reviewer: According to our docs, links should look like this:
```suggestion
| Warehouse Picking | {{page.version}} | [Warehouse Picking feature integration](/docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/{{page.version}}/install-the-warehouse-picking-feature.html) |
```

> | Warehouse Picking | {{site.version}} | [Warehouse Picking feature integration](/docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/202304.0/install-the-warehouse-picking-feature.html) |

Reviewer 2: We should not hardcode the version number. Instead {{site.version}} or {{page.version}} variables are to be used. See the difference here: https://docs.spryker.com/docs/scos/user/intro-to-spryker/contribute-to-the-documentation/style-formatting-general-rules.html#working-with-versions Try using {{page.version}} here

> | Shipment          | {{site.version}} | [Shipment feature integration](/docs/pbc/all/carrier-management/202212.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/install-features/install-the-shipment-feature.html)        |

Reviewer: same here:
```suggestion
| Shipment          | {{page.version}} | [Shipment feature integration](/docs/pbc/all/carrier-management/{{page.version}}/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/install-the-shipment-feature.html)        |
```

> | Shipment          | {{site.version}} | [Shipment feature integration](/docs/pbc/all/carrier-management/202212.0/base-shop/install-and-upgrade/install-features/install-the-shipment-feature.html)        |

Reviewer 2: same here, don't hardcode the version number, use the above-mentioned variables. After you make the fixes, make sure to build the website locally to make sure your changes fixed the issues
